Message from President

The radical transformation of global society has brought confusion and unrest to our lives. In our global society, problems such as pollution, infectious diseases, financial crisis, and terrorism have been spreading beyond national boundaries in no time. The task of solving problems concerning energy and environment, or industrial and economic revitalization, needs to be shared on a global scale. Solutions for aforementioned issues will require innovation that surpasses contemporary convention.

The University of Tsukuba was reborn in 1973 as a comprehensive university based on new educational concepts. It has inherited the traditions of its predecessors, starting with the Normal School, which was founded by the Meiji government in 1872 as the first institution of higher education in Japan, and continuing over to its history as the Tokyo University of Education. The philosophy of human resource development rooted in our university is expressed with the phrase shikon risai. Loosely interpreted, it emphasizes the need to be kind-hearted to others, much like parents and teachers, and to have the ability to bring people together, as well as to solve problems rationally. By applying shikon risai, I believe that our mission is the creation of knowledge aimed at finding solutions for emerging global tasks and the making of a future society, including the cultivation of human resources who will take the initiative.

Since its establishment, the University of Tsukuba has aimed to be an open university in every sense. Based on that aim, we have promoted constant reforms in order to create a flexible education and research organization, as well as a new university system that would meet the needs of the next generation. Dr. Jigoro Kano who was the principal at the Tokyo Higher Normal School -- the predecessor of the University of Tsukuba is known as the Father of Judo. More importantly, however, he was the pioneer who opened up Japanese higher education to the international community. Furthermore, the University of Tsukuba, as a comprehensive university, has an incomparably wide range of academic disciplines. Even as we have advanced specialized areas of expertise, we have actively developed new cross-disciplinary approaches to education and research. Amid this rapidly changing global society, the functions of a university need to be restructured, and we realize that it is our responsibility to take the lead role in conducting such a reform.

Universities, in general, are required to contribute to society through education and research activities. The University of Tsukuba was established based on new educational concepts in the heart of Tsukuba Science City. Since then it came to be a center of cutting-edge research and education, human development, collaboration among industry, government and academia, and needless to say, an international center of intellectual activity. In its capacity as an open university, the University of Tsukuba intends to continuously meet new challenges in order to contribute to the welfare of its region and regional society, Japan and its citizens, and lastly the world and humanity as a whole.

The University of Tsukuba is located in a rich natural environment, and is a university that respects diverse values. Our university intends to contribute to the international society by demonstrating leadership as an innovative, unique, and cosmopolitan center of knowledge with an influential voice on the international scene, under the slogan "IMAGINE THE FUTURE."

Kyosuke NAGATA President of the University of Tsukuba